Before the start of this video, I would like to
advertise my group and my
a friend who played out different things
mystical immortal and the like
but most importantly in the days there are two themes
The first topic is the trade brush program.
program with which you can
find people who have few dota hours
and share with them
if they have of course good things
then you will be in the black in the day not to
to lie
from 500 rubles to three thousand rubles you
of course you can earn more
if you find people who
there will be dk grow thin you can with them
somehow change then of course earnings
maybe higher
there is also a school topic in this group
guides
school guides are a topic in which you
can send your friends or video
schoolchildren to make me
nice and simplify my search task
Of course I would appreciate it if you
send them on it all wish you
enjoy watching further video
Hello everyone today at school
will learn to play on the invoker
Hello everyone, I’ll have briefs today
pokes Thai response to dota 2
great start guide answer dota 2 guide
me and my friend vivir we will play with him
tons there then run super sako
the most cool topic is it
astral and dirty force well strike
this is bruce contentment yes indeed she has
skill 475 pure damage
unfortunate as down he is spiderman
but zashib now he is a spiderman
became aganim means give the prize max to us
vexi feeling
yes guys and at the same time he writes his
guide
I've seen so much that I even
not surprised and liman dan snow you so well
the range of the movement of health is understandable
Zeus for uyyyyyyy
Jagger has become so lice on air that
now his ability buys guys
remember i first said what i already
I'm not surprised at anything well I collected yes yes yes
yes i lied
These are 2 shoes. These are two parcels and shorter.
Ultiuu used everything was cool accounting
understood funny at it was garrett
Andy and who you are there for anyone to play and
and sharko on this school guides fits
the end of the surf kira sharkey
jesus and dragged the references to their vidos
will be in the description if you want me somehow
do something nice tell me about
to my friends it is of course
extra motivation to do such
videos thank you very much
I always enjoy reading positive
comments but unpleasant to read of course
the same hit comment is possible
call it like an arrow
all good fps and with you there was thunder
all good luck and all poked